HOW TO COMPILE AND RUN THE SOUTHERN OCEAN ONLY EXAMPLE CASE.

This describes how to run a Southern Ocean case with prescribed wind forcing. 
There is no thermal forcing of the mixed layer, and initial conditions are zero 
everywhere so that, while the mixed layer is computed (a little wasteful) it 
remains zero at all times. Thus, this version only computes the ocean QG evolution.

1. You should note that Q-GCM was not really designed to run without the mixed layer. 
For this reason, the default omlsubs.F routine will allow some diabatic exchange 
between the mixed layer and layer 1. Therefore to get a perfectly adiabatic mixed 
layer you will need to copy the omlsubs.F file in this directory to the src file 
before compiling. The changes are clearly flagged in omlsubs.F.

2. Prepare the Makefile by copying Makefile.generic to Makefile (within src/).
You should set the following preprocessor options:
	OCOPT = -Docean_only
	AROPT = -Dget_areav  (optional)
	NCOPT = -Duse_netcdf
	CYCLIC = -Dcyclic_ocean
You will also need to un-comment the Makefile variables relevant to your system. 
As a guide, you will need FC, FFLAGS, LAPACK, NCDIR, NCLIB, IDIR and NCLINK defined.

3. Either link or copy the relevant parameter.src file to the src directory. 
For example:
> ln -s ../examples/southern_ocean/parameter.src parameter.src

4. Make the code:
> make q-gcm

5. You will need to download the topography file soctopog.26deg.10km.nc and put it in 
this directory. This file is available on the Q-GCM downloads webpage on www.q-gcm.org.

6. You will also need a netcdf file (called avges.nc and placed in the local 
directory structure) with wind stress values included. We recommend using the 
avges.nc file located on the Q-GCM downloads webpage on www.q-gcm.org.

7. Move to this directory and run the code. 
The included qgrun_pbs shell script show an example of how to do this, but you 
will need to configure this script for your system. Note that this script aims 
to do the first run in a batch as restarting from nothing, and use lastday.nc 
files from then on.
